Your will covers the house and the car.
It doesn't cover the phone.
The digital life you actually live — accounts, devices, logins,
the memories people will want — doesn't pass on with a signature.
That's the gap. And it's a fixable one.
Not with a lawyer. Not with a weekend. With a playbook.
My Final Playbook asks you a handful of plain-language questions —
no jargon, about five minutes — and shows you exactly where your plan stands.
Then it hands you your first steps. Real actions with real instructions.
Set a legacy contact. Name your beneficiaries. Put the important things in one place.
Jesse helps you along the way. He's learning this stuff too,
and he asks the questions you were already thinking.
Go further and it works through the whole thing with you. Every step tracked.
A finished playbook your family will actually be able to use.
Live fully. Die ready. Get My Final Playbook.